INSTALL
-------

This file contains the installation instructions for landialler.py.
In the future they will be streamlined so that you will be able to
type something as simple as "python setup.py", but unfortunately we're
not quite there yet.


REQUIREMENTS

  - Any operating system that supports Python 2.1 and Tk
  - Python 2.1 with Tk support (may work with Python 2.0)
  - xmlrpclib, from http://www.pythonware.com/products/xmlrpc/
  - gmalib, available from http://sourceforge.net/projects/landialler/


INSTALLATION

I will ignore the first two requirements; if you're not sure whether
or not you've got Python visit http://www.python.org/ and download the
latest version for your platform.

Now, download xmlrpclib from the URL above (xmlrpclib should be
included with the main Python source tree from Python 2.2 onwards, so
you may have it already). If not you will need to copy the
xmlrpclib.py file into your Python system directory (on Windows) or
into Python's site-packages directory (Unix).

Then copy the gmalib.py file into the same directory.

To install the client itself, follow the instructions for your
platform:

  Windows
    - Create a landialler directory (e.g. C:\Program Files\landialler).
    - Copy landialler.py and landialler.conf into the new directory.
    - Right click the desktop to create a new shortcut and point
      it towards landialler.py. Make sure that the shortcut runs
      landialler in it's own directory.

  Unix (or Linux)
    - Copy landialler.py to somewhere in your path (e.g. /usr/local/bin).
    - Copy the landialler.conf file to /usr/local/etc, or run landialler.py
      from the same directory as the configuration file.

  MacOS
    - I'm afraid I don't have access to a Mac and so have no idea how
      to install landialler. If you let me know I'll gratefully include
      the information here though.


CONFIGURATION

You will probably need to edit the [xmlrpcserver] section of the
config file. Set the IP address of your landialler server in the
file. If you find that your Internet connection regularly takes more
than two minutes to come up then you can increase the timeout
parameter in the config file to suit (the default is 120 seconds).

If you have problems installing either the client or the server then I
will try and help you if I can. Please make sure that you send me as
much information as you can, including the operating system (and
version number) that you are using, the version of Python and any
output that you see when you launch the software (either on the
command line or in syslog).

$Id$
